Fixed an issue where  wasn't validated when modified. (#2867)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **generate-python-to-yml** generated input arguments as required even though required=False was specified.
* Fixed an issue where **generate-python-to-yml** generated input arguments a default arguments when default=some_value was provided.
* Fixed a bug where **validate** returned error on playbook inputs with special characters.

> * Fixed an issue where `conf.json` wasn't validated when modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **validate** did not properly check `conf.json` when the latter is modified.
```
